Let's take a look at how we would invoke or trigger
an AWS Lambda function using an SQS queue.
Before we get into that,
I want to go over to IAM and I want to show you
a special role that I had to create for lambda.
In order to give lambda the permissions it needed
to read and delete messages in SQS queue,
and also the permission to write to a CloudWatch Log.
We're going to be taking a look at that log at the end,
so that we can see what happened when we triggered our Lambda function.
So the first thing we're going to do is,
we're going to create our Lambda function, author from scratch,
let's call it SQS_UDACITY_Function.
Yeah, looks good, and we're going to use Python.
Under Choose or create an execution role,
so I just showed you that I created a role format Lambda so I choose an existing role.
So let's see if we can find it,
there it is Udacity_Lambda_SQS and go ahead and create our function.
Function successfully created, you can get rid of that,
and let's go ahead and configure our function right here.
So we're going to trigger our function,
and then after we triggered by adding a message SQS queue,
we're going to go back and look in the CloudWatch logs,
and we're going to look for a message.
The message I'm going to type here is,
let's see what can we put here,
SQS Message Received.
Thanks, and let's save that.
So after we save our function,
we're going to go over and we're going to create an SQS queue.
A standard queue was fine.
We're going to call this just simple,
UdacitySQSQueue and
just Quick-Create, it's fine.
So the first thing we want to do is configure a trigger
for lambda function and save that,
gives us a notification that would be triggered when a message arrives, good.
So that should be creating.
Now, if we go to the Lambda Triggers tab,
seems like it'll be about a minute,
so well, that's wrapping up.
Let's go back over to Lambda,
udacity function, we've got our queue here.
So now let's go back over the SQS, looks like it's enabled.
So what we're going to go ahead and do is,
send a message to our queue.
Okay, go and send our message.
Great, it's been sent.
So sending that message to the queue should trigger our Lambda function.
Let's go over to CloudWatch.
So we're going to be looking for our function in the logs.
Our function is SQS_ UDACITY_Function, there it is.
Let's click on that and see if our SQS message received,
thanks is right there.
Thank you so much for following along.